the crime of throwing alive and dead dogs from a bridge on the highway
that drives from vega baja san juan
begins to stop being a mystery and points some responsible
Also from Barcelona, ​​many owners of these pets have recognized them and the
grammarians case ap has recovered his badly injured puppies
this is the case of yoli
the news univision found her badly wounded in the huge precipice of
bridge ride of the indians vega baja on thursday
today Friday is again in hands
I see you already took it a year from the balcony of my house
this he realized cts
since Saturday
so the place arrived for the Cuban health transferred the mother of the
babe murdered with the hands in the dough there is nothing for anyone the residents of
the residential fifths and square of Barceloneta swearing and have proof
like the one we just saw that their animals were slaughtered
this word payments
it does not matter we are now
ring I said it before
Yesterday I wrote down the mailing because they unfortunately gave color to
pick up the animals but note the campaign campaign
company company
to see how for a cabinet of the presidency and others with weapons of thickness
caliber when we are going to meet
in it was mistreating
craft activity
I hope it is nothing of her ed as regards the Italian and Spanish banking
longline of the town of avellaneda
this happened according to them because they have been threatened with taking away his residence if
They do not give their dogs to a company that hired the municipality yamada animal
control solution
you have to harass 1
the dogs lying there which we are going to investigate are and are
resty we are going to safely handle 2 the dogs that somehow other one is
they recovered there if we handled it already in the thread but that serna
manage a veterinary clinic to manage it and most importantly I
I'm going to open on Monday here to ask the municipality that Parisian this practice
enter the residence leguas poor community and threaten them with concón with
cancel the contract the matter is that this person is not sure that they have
employee of your company the only responsible
Yes they are
residents also target civil defense agents and the municipality of
barceloneta
right now I want to tell you that my employees are not the employees that
they are here it seems he asked him immediately
and in relation to the threat of taking their residences if they do not surrender their dogs
housing was categorical as long as you have your pet in good condition
conditions were not only in the world to meditate on a cadet and that
threaten eviction before and how to get that pet
we saw a story that you did during today and we started
an investigation he was going to move to the ultimate consequences